Added info on the `returned_widget` local ref as used for a `StackPage` (#77)
Relm4/book: src/component_macro/reference.md

and can be subsequently accessed via the Widgets struct.

> When returning a widget of a `FactoryComponent` for a `Stack`, the returned widget should be a `StackPage` assigned to the local ref `returned_widget`:

Reviewer: Thanks a lot! I'd just like to make the text a bit more generic and explain why it works :)

```suggestion
In factories the returned widget is a parameter of the [`FactoryComponent::init_widgets()`](https://docs.rs/relm4/latest/relm4/factory/trait.FactoryComponent.html#tymethod.init_widgets) method.
You can use the `#[local_ref]` attribute to access it in the view macro, for example when the factory widget is a  `Stack` which returns a `StackPage`:
```

Author: Great!
